# Qwant Test

## Test Instruction

###  Gilded Rose Requirements Specification

Hi and welcome to team Gilded Rose. As you know, we are a small inn with a prime location in a
prominent city ran by a friendly innkeeper named Allison. We also buy and sell only the finest goods.
Unfortunately, our goods are constantly degrading in `Quality` as they approach their sell by date.

We have a system in place that updates our inventory for us. It was developed by a no-nonsense type named
Leeroy, who has moved on to new adventures. Your task is to add the new feature to our system so that
we can begin selling a new category of items. First an introduction to our system:

- All `items` have a `SellIn` value which denotes the number of days we have to sell the `items`
- All `items` have a `Quality` value which denotes how valuable the item is
- At the end of each day our system lowers both values for every item

Pretty simple, right? Well this is where it gets interesting:

- Once the sell by date has passed, `Quality` degrades twice as fast
- The `Quality` of an item is never negative
- __"Aged Brie"__ actually increases in `Quality` the older it gets
- The `Quality` of an item is never more than `50`
- __"Sulfuras"__, being a legendary item, never has to be sold or decreases in `Quality`
- __"Backstage passes"__, like aged brie, increases in `Quality` as its `SellIn` value approaches;
	- `Quality` increases by `2` when there are `10` days or less and by `3` when there are `5` days or less but
	- `Quality` drops to `0` after the concert

We have recently signed a supplier of conjured items. This requires an update to our system:

- __"Conjured"__ items degrade in `Quality` twice as fast as normal items

Feel free to make any changes to the `UpdateQuality` method and add any new code as long as everything
still works correctly. However, do not alter the `Item` class or `Items` property as those belong to the
goblin in the corner who will insta-rage and one-shot you as he doesn't believe in shared code
ownership (you can make the `UpdateQuality` method and `Items` property static if you like, we'll cover
for you).

Just for clarification, an item can never have its `Quality` increase above `50`, however __"Sulfuras"__ is a
legendary item and as such its `Quality` is `80` and it never alters.

## Hypotheses
- If the Item's quality is `Increase`, we keep increasing after concert

## Usage
Install cargo and run the following command :
```bash
cargo run
```

## Ideas for improvement
- Make `GildedRose` support both Item and ItemV2 at the same time. This can be done in several ways:
	- Using dynamic dispatch
	- Using reflection (Rust doesn't support reflection out-of-the-box, we would need to implement it ourselves using a derive macro or use reflection crate)
	- We could also use a enum
		```rust
		enum ItemType {
			V1(Item),
			V2(ItemV2),
		}
		```
- Persist the items state somewhere (Redis, a file, in memory state + mqs, or any relational dbms such as postgresql). The choice of the persistence layer depends on the nature of the data
	- How the data will be queried and at what velocity (batch processing, real-time, or on-demand) will influence the persistence choice
- Expose the application. The application should be exposed in a way that supports the intended use case:
	- **On-demand/Real-time interation**: a RESTful API (or GraphQL) might be appropriate
	- **Real-time or High-Velocity updates**: Websocket or some MQS
	- **Batch Processing**:
		- A simple approach would be to supply a file (json, parquet, other)
		- If the items are generated by another application we could leverage the RDBMS or file system where the other application stores its output and use that data for batch processing
- Package the code into a docker image and deploy the docker image into a docker registry